fix(parsers.csv): Allow null-delimiters (#12247)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/parsers/csv/README.md

  ## The separator between csv fields
  ## By default, the parser assumes a comma (",")

>   ## Please note that if you use blacklisted delimiters (e.g. "\u0000"), this will be changed to comma.
>   ## in the data the blacklisted delimiters will be changed to comma, and original commas will be changed to "\ufffd"

Reviewer: What about:

```suggestion
  ## Please note that if you use invalid delimiters (e.g. "\u0000"), commas
  ## will be changed to "\ufffd", the invalid delimiters changed to a comma
  ## during parsing, and afterwards the invalid characters and commas are
  ## returned to their original values.
```
